hi this is stephanie from nail pro and i
just had a beautiful pedicure at the
Elizabeth Ashton i er vetted salon and
Long Beach and it was wonderful and I'd
like to have a little chat with
Elizabeth so let's see what she has to
say welcome to Elizabeth Ashton
arithmetic nail spa it is just lovely no
I know this is a fairly new venture for
you tell me how you got started with us
my daughter actually bought those
beautiful chairs over there for me take
a look at the chairs how beautiful and
then she gave them to me for my
Christmas gift and she was like well mom
you want to start doing L spa here you
go get started and that started me to
start thinking I worked at other
different salons I rented boost at
different salons and work and work to
work then finally I said you know what I
need my own place I have a passion for
this I want people to really feel what
is what it what it's like to have a real
pedicure yes a real pedicure and I just
incorporate a lot of goodies that i use
for pedicures I go out to the hotels we
are spending our service to all the
hotel the Hilton yes you said that you
know you're new to the neighborhood
essentially and right you're trying to
build your business and so you were
going to the local hotels and you met
with the concierge there how do I get
started well I started with the
concierge so I went to each and every
con Sierra and just introduced myself to
them who had a grand opening party about
a week ago yes it was a fantastic red
carpet event we brought Hollywood to
Long Beach as you know i do celebrities
can't say as many names but i have done
vivica a fox for the Oscars that just
passed and we had a red carpet event we
had indian appetizers indian food we had
wine served tray passing we had hand
massage henna tat
News chair massages you name it we had
it all we have bollywood dancers Wow and
I myself of course was dressed in my
sorry perfect it was perfect the
neighborhood came out the community came
out and supporting me I was so happy to
just see the community come together
honestly I saw some of the pictures and
it looks like it was such a beautiful
event and you're doing so much in the
community and with the nail industry and
just offering such different beautiful
safe services that I really commend you
and I'm really excited for your finger
here so thank you so much for having me
any good luck thank you and none to stay